Summary
This thing has been replaced by this https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2753227

A bolt together modular tank style robotics platform!

I use this with my students. They get the base kit, then they customise.

I have run these with Arduino, Raspberry Pi and Intel Galileo, both in autonomous and controlled drone mode.

These tanks are very versatile and it is easy to create bolt on accessory holders as you need. I will post the accessories I have created here from time to time.

https://youtu.be/RU1G50hiegI

Instructions
THERE ARE SOME BASIC ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS IN THE IMAGE GALLERY. YOU NEED TO VEIW THEM IN FULL SCREEN.

BASE TANK PRINT:
2 x Track Inner Frames
2 x Track Outer Frames
1 x Base Fram
1 x Upper Frame (You can do more of these)
6 x Cog

PRINTING TRACKS:
Different printers and different filaments produce different results, so I have uploaded a range of tracks with different pin holes. Essentially I print the at 50% infill and print the smallest hole diameter I can. If I need to loosen the tracks, I then print a few larger diameter holed tracks.

MOTORS:
I use the generic motors linked below and install 4 of them:

http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/1X-for-Arduino-Smart-Car-Robot-Plastic-Tire-Wheel-with-DC-3-6V-Gear-Motor-New-/131459704359?hash=item1e9b9be627

I use this motor shield to drive them:

http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/Dual-H-Bridge-Stepper-Motor-Drive-Controller-Board-Module-For-Arduino-L298N-TG-/181687932010?hash=item2a4d71d46a

PUTTING IT TOGETHER:
I used M3 bolts to put it all together. The motors need to go in before you bolt the track frames onto the base frame.

I use 30mm brass standoffs to put the top frame (and any other stuff that I want) on

The tracks need 2mm dimeter wire (or bamboo skewers). They need to be loose enough to spin freely without being too loose. Aim for the tracks to sag about 10mm when suspended in mid air.

ACCESSORIES:

Arduino Uno Holder - holds the Uno - also the Mega with a lot of overhang.
Base Tray - fits into the base frame. Holds stuff.
Base Tray for L298N - Holds an L298N Motor Shield
Battery Case - Two rechargeable 9V batteries in parallel can be held in this case and can motor this bot along nicely. The higher the mAH rating the better.
Breadboard Holder - for 1/2 sized Breadboard
LCD Holder - Holds standard 2 x 16 Char LCD screen
LED Bracket - Headlights for LED Chips - You'll need to also print a brace for the back. Don't let them get hot or they melt through to print!
Light Bar - A bar for front/back that holds 5 x 5mm LEDs
Mini Pan/Tilt Servo Holder - Holds a Pan Tilt Kit from Adafruit (or similar)
Raspberry Pi Holders - 2 different orientations for your Pi
Sharp Infrared Distance Sensor Holder - holds Sharp 2Y0A02 Infrared distance sensor
Static RPi Camera Holder - Holds a Raspberry Pi camera at 90 degrees to horizontal